he is a real cheap guy, but so these slides would be real interesting.
Yeah, I think it'll be real interesting. I think it would be involved a good slidesh, too bad you can't make it.
Who else do you notice when I research what's your name that's all I want to go.
I'd like to go it's an interesting thing huh it's an interesting thing, though, because i'm wondering you know, since it is such it's restricted you have to go through mexico no I
don't think so. No, we have no I don't think So we have, technically speaking, full diplomatic relations with Nicaragua.
Yeah, they have an ambassador in an American that's just there. there isn't a direct transportation There it's not. It's not like going to cuba where they have to make connections through
Mexico that's because it's illegal for Americans to travel.
But I wonder whether this is yeah, it is. Oh, yeah, just like Lebanon just became, they said, Lebanon. eggs.
Actually it just became Illegal for a few years libya too isn't. Libya, as well there's quite a few play, Libya.
There's only a handful of boxes Well, it was illegal.
It was illegal. It was illegal, you know, from like the time of Cath the Castro Revolution up until I think the early seventys, the Supreme Court overturned travel restrictions on the on the passport and said
that the Government couldn't really permit you from going anywhere.
And then that changed again. A few years later they passed some laws, or something like that which did enable the Government to do feaser restrictions, and I think Cuba and North Korea and Now Lebanon and
Libya are the only places that maybe maybe vietnam also, where you're supposedly not able to use your passport to go to you.
Really I mean you can they know you can't think It's what I'm wondering what i'm wondering is people that go to, unless all less often to to Vietnam in North Korea this state department
know everybody. they went to New York. i'm sure would they know and that's what sort of world to see that's what's worried worries. Some of them sure if they i'm sure they have campaign list Anyway, but Yeah, But i'm saying Well, he's the only existing live member of the piece of freedom party left you
know, but they only went under the age of 16 yeah no and It's really funny that I would think that they would have a thing on you.
They would actually possibly even keep an eye on you or watching I don't know how many Americans have been in Nicaragua. no plenty. They're delegations a lot of dealt there's delegations going every
week. Yeah. House? Well, there a lot of them are religious, So that is, you know, usually church things and lots of people like trade unions and political, you know, left-ish or liberal types.
And but I love i'd love to go yeah yeah I want to go to.
I really go to Mexico. like the same I kind of like to go to Guatemala. but I think Mexico is like the place to go, because it's got everything it's got history.
It's got big cities. it's got ruins and It's got, and it's got resorts, You know.
The Caribbean is incredible. This is beautiful beautiful blue water would I know I don't care.
This beautiful, beautiful blue blue water, and then warm water, and like coral and tropical fish, and incredible like resort like hotels and restaurants.
Oh, when we were there last wait it was just after an election, and I got all these great photographs of voice.
There's elections, posters you know from hunger strikes a little various leftish parties, and they'd like, you know.
Propose, then wall graffiti, and posters all over everything.
So I took a bunch of pictures of that currently having hunger strikes all over Southern Mexico, because it was a particularly I mean, it was even more obvious that even more corrupt than the usual.
They always stuck belts, but this time must be a lot more blatant than usual, and so I got pictures of them having their.
There are people the people doing hunger strikes, and that kind of thing, and in particular, in one little Indian town I forgot what the town was called Clock of Chihuahua.
You know, I mean most of these things we saw in Wahaka, and places that were pretty big.
So we went to this one little tiny Indian town and they're they, you know, in the little I forget what they call it this thing central plaza area.
I forget there was some term they used for the there was a big big business.
There's a town right around here, that is still has a so-called It's built around us a call you were telling me about.
That was like one of those Sonoma Sonoma still has a sealo.
Did you know that? Yeah, it was built around it's built during the Mexican.
I don't know, but the whole town still has the old Mexican plaza and the Mexican Governor General's house was right there, and the church that height of things right in the center of Samila Sonoma
of all places. Yeah, she can go up there and see old California and drink wine.
Did you ever find out what disease you had I went to the doctor, and you did a plug-in dodgers, and said I just went to some local doctor right here.
I didn't go to village. No, he just did a bloodhouse and said, Yeah, well, your blood's all shot, and you have the liver of a ninety-y, and I mean I think he doesn't and I think I think
you'd be picked up some virus like named about half a dozen viruses, and said I could do some more tests and find that which one. But for the time we've got the test results back. You'd probably be over
with it, anyway. So why Bother he is like that though that's his attitude that wasn't only about him?
Oh, what was endorsed! It sounds like Deutsche. There was somebody right here named Dr.
Garcia University of South Korea, or Grenada, Hey, Grenada in a universe of doctors.
So let's put you up traveling down there twice in a row.
Almost deadly diseases. Are you walking the same things? Yeah, I just.
In fact, I eat stuff that he doesn't eat that he wouldn't dare touch.
You know I eat like a Seviche, and all kinds of salads and guaca, all kinds of stuff like that, you know.
The savage is full of vegetables full of cut-up, tomatoes, and most everything that you do it's savvy, because I don't like the idea of eating raw food.
But I mean like meat and fish, and the idea bothers me.
But you made everything else. I like you know vegetables and salads and my wants to go and travel in in areas like that, and like not be able to have the local food that's part of the health it's delicious
I eat the local food and get death way. Ill he's very Now i'll never go back.
I won't have to worry about I won't be put in that position anymore.
Real depressed amusement. Real bad he gets sick really easily That's all his life has been like that it's really horrible, Jacob Supplement.
You stop pushing those pills. I take you how many different types of pills, you know, and I can't believe how many different types of pills, you know, and let me see I want you to pull them all out once you pull every bottle out.
I want to see every what's that big sweat one you know looks like it looks like a wafo.
What are those, Wafo? What are those weights? Nickel wafers First, the kind of thing that we would like?
We would get burnt at the steak for sticking a knife into.
This is Pepson, I think you think. How can you remember all of them? Do not you?
I know really. and these mel real neat Oh, what is it it's like fish rotten. Yeah, it doesn't know like rotten fish like your fillet of CD liberal or something something because it smells good to me my
deficit. What is it? is it like enzymes more it's sufficient fish blood, and it smells the do you?
And kf beta how many doesn't liver things do you have That's her biggest problem, liver.
But it has a lot fact, she's she's actually a waiting list for liver.
I used to eat out that gun that pepsin coated gum when I was a kid.
Demons. I really liked it, they still have them they still have an idea I've had a packaging, i'm like kind of white.
And yeah, I said with Kepson enzymes, what kind of enzymes my sister used to always try and give me.
Papaya enzymes that was all, but wondering.
For what are they? Oh, they have flam let's see how many bottles this is I want to know touring Tari.
No idea. let's see what do. you take you take one of these at one of these a day, or 5 of these a day or something anywhere from 3, one to 6, or 20.
Oh, okay, yeah. But when you run yeah, I I think I I was taking about 10 of these I can't afford to take it 15,000 units of vitamin.
That's that is, talks I called up the person who did this to me, and I said, Excuse me in my own.
Am I killing myself with no you're sick take them so i'm still here and in these these smell Really, this was like Why, it feels like rotten garbage.
Great smell like vitamins Oh, no it doesn't smell like vitamins that smells like garbage.
That's. It it smells like you're walking past a dumpster. Yeah, she said.
Don't take these in public and this is just basic a very observable iron.
You probably need some of these 2 here. His dad iron was his mouthful.
I have iron, too, but some of it is absurd.
What do you mean of sorrow? What is it? Did you like?
Walk around dispensing a dispensing pills. Yeah, Yeah.
Does George take any of this stuff, but he's as healthy as an ox.
That guy, the guy is healthy isn't on yeah but i'm saying is like, you know, as much as he's abused his liver, and all other things in his life.
He still as healthy as an ox. The guy is just, you know.
He works hard. He plays hard, as they say, and yet like a man.
I think a man wants after a tough day of working, Had a bunch of butt him in pills and 606 back.
But you know I mean he's still healthy reminds me my brother. my brother abused his body for 15 years on a daily basis, and he's he's like as strong as I don't let the muscles fool you
I mean you know that's true you have all these internal organs that you can't see?
Yeah, kind of said. When you think about Oh, it's kind of sad you think about like Bruno.
You meant for nose. my mother's old ex-boyfriend.
He's just a slight skinny little guy who's always been sickly.
You know what I mean, and he used to say to my brother, you know my brother was heavily into drug abuse, and and he he used to say to my brother, and he really meant it. sort of sort of like was empty words to
teenagers, you know but he really meant it he said you're real lucky, said you've been blessed with a great body, and here you aren't fucking enough.
We knew he it Wasn't a recreational analysis.
Oh, yeah, what was August? and went all the way he didn't go far away.
He went all the way. Yeah, Yeah, it wasn't hard to tell with me, because usually he couldn't speak without slurring heavily slurry.
Yeah, never knew where he was and he like he'd have tons of money like he like, would go he make a lot of money he'd get paid once a week.
He'd have rolls of hundreds or something in his pocket and he'd wake up somewhere and it'd be all gone.
He didn't know where it went that kind of shit jewelry and rings and things, and be missing and all kinds of things, and all kinds of stuff.
He still lose. Oh, he's fine Now no no he's living with his girlfriend.
He's doing real well, i'm real proud of him i'm real proud of him.
He's doing it's been a year over a year that he's been totally clean, he doesn't even he doesn't even eat cake with rum in it.
Hello, of course not nothing. I mean absolutely he's on the program he's I mean the guy and he's like real proud.
He's involved. He goes every night He goes to meetings he's involved with the whole organization.
He holds his own meetings, and he set up his started his own meeting in Hollywood on Thursday nights.
He's holding in he's like treasurer it's really funny.
I mean the right he's not hopeless Well, I had given him up for dinner.
I always told her. Oh, i've given him a for but you have to.
You have to at 1 point. let go you can't constantly be torn, just torn to pieces by you know somebody like that.
So your Mother's happy now. the mother's never happy my mother, wouldn't be happy if everything was everything was great, and everything is very so.
Funny. She has always had her her kids to worry about. Oh, miserable!
Oh, poor new she's totally happy now. I mean there's and she's got no excuse absolutely no seems to be miserable, which is miserable because that's just the way she is it's kind of like
you that's not at all like me no reason to be miserable.
There's no reason to be my first of all i'm, not miserable; and, secondly, I have plenty of reasons to be more than slightly disturbed with life.
Oh, honey, you're not miserable honey there's one of the reasons right there you shouldn't be miserable.
There's no reason for him to know What does she complain to you about.
Now he told us what a second play my son's not a drone.
No one daughter has a job. No, no, no, no! I think I think I think her compliant.
What her complaint. Who knows what her complaint Oh, the dogs keep me up, and and and then you know this, and then yeah, it's the same thing.
It's just a general malaise about life you know in their hands.
It never, ever ends get that? is it? the season for your turtles to be romantically involved. I guess so.
They've been doing it for a while it's really amazing.
He like takes his nails and he flutters them in from it like trying to cast a spell over her.
It's really Why, that's done yeah he's trying to cast a spell over her.
Well, no, I mean it's not literally that that's there that's their little meeting.
They're mating courtship ritual and when she's when she's interested.
I saw them pouring, You know I saw one of the living human beings who've seen turtles having sex.
Yeah, but there he goes again. He's wiggling the things in front of her face, trying to get her interested.
He's got those real real long fingernails yeah the males only have the nails they're long and fat tails.
They mail It wasn't much you flutter I love the little fun you've seen her footer.
It's really amazing and yet she's not running from him. I remember at the beginning, when he started his courtship thing, she was frantically running around like trying to get away from him, and he was biting her and stuff like
No, I don't really know I mean I haven't I haven't bothered to sit around and catalog. What they're doing.
This, I think, is fairly light. I think he's just crying to check around.
This is he's checking around I don't think it's even gotten to the floorplay. yet.
This is the hey? Come here, Babe and she's kind of shining him on.
She's not really, but she's not showing a lot of interest either.
I think when he says buying her like that, is it?
Oh, yeah, I think when he starts. biting her that's when he is a lot more interested in what we bought him when we bought him he he was larger than her, And now look at them.
She's a glutton he was larger than her remember she's twice as big as he is now. mean.
I I just can't imagine it's incredible she's just growing.
She's gonna be as big as that turtle in the petrol.
Yeah 30 years huge I mean it is this thing this this turtle for like 30 years, ever since the pet show the problem is, is it's in the tank this size and that's kind of sad it doesn't can't
move I can't swim you can't do anything what are you going to do when they get this big?
You're going to have to like transfer to a Bathtub.
You're going to have to have an old best tubes aren't hard to find.
I give her a kick into the La River at that point we can make sure she already eats me out of a house, but you know, when she gets a big oh, a few worms when she gets happy she'll need a vat of
worms in their expense. You know what is it that i'm gonna be invested.
You know what you said as they get older, they date more vegetable matter.
Yeah, so often, Feeder. i'll have to fewer heads of lettuce. I guess.
No, you know what I just soft. If you you know what they do eat that he refuses, which would be easy to feed achieved.
Give them gold fish live. They love to eat they love the only i'm dropping a little goldfish into there, and then, like you know, watching it like like you know, like pick goop off the bottom and do a goldfish business you know and then, all of a sudden have
a turtle come over and take a big hunk out of it, you know, when it gets a little shocking it will actually be half swimming in a half.
Oh, well, they take a bike, you know, and sometimes they can get the whole thing down at once.
Other times they just like, eat the tail on a piece of the fin, and then the you know, the goldfish manages to get away and flutters around the tank trying to get away from the half half gone Well, you know what I was doing is for about
3 months. When I had that snake in my classroom, I would once a week it would be a whole ritual.
Tuesday the kids knew to tuesday we would all sit around the rug.
We'd put the snake we named it sissy and we put what's put sissy like right in front of all the kids, and I would get buy a feeder locally, and I would bring it in.
And I would put it in the little thing, and we would watch the snake hunt.
You know we would watch to see Hunt, goldfish and the snake, and it was so.
Make with me goldfish. Yeah, it would lead only live things that that's the only way they feed you have to find.
If they want some kinds of stuff, don't need crickets and things like that, I would put out no no in a bowl, and because it'll only eat it live, and so the snake the bowl was about yay big you know and then the
snake would start to it, would see it, and it would start to do this whole little dance.
It would start circling the ball and we're having itself and it would get faster and faster.
Then it would start. It would start moving at the same pace that the snake would that the fish would be swimming, and it would start kind of following it and going fast. and fast.
It would be like this little whirlwind you know and all of a sudden it would go and you know what's so funny.
The snake was they're they're very I guess they're very bright about goldfish, is that it would rarely get it.
It would rarely get the fish it by the fin. It would almost always get it by the head, because it was streetline, because it would, if it would, get it by the tail and the fins at all.
It would be hard to swallow. Do you know what I mean?
It would get all fluffed down. Kids loved it. It was their favorite time of the week.
They accept blood. They had one little girl. I had one little girl named Anna Mahia, and she was a sensitive, sweet little girl from Mugmala, who was actually her language was great and every time you know what she would do the first time
she did, she did. She crossed herself. she did the cross for the fish, and I asked her, Why did you do?
Then she goes so that the fish will go to heaven. Oh!
And then from that point, and then she cried and Then from that point on everybody would be sitting there looking at the fish anxiously, and I would have to tell them to sit down. Cuz.
You know other kids calm down. She would turn around so she'd be facing the wall. So she can watch very sensitive the seven-year-old kid, and she wouldn't want, and she was like talk about you know not influenced by peer pressure.
Because all the kids were excited, and she knew, in a sense that she was kind of supposed to be excited, because all the other kids and she know she was really, really, really interesting under her perspective. And then we drew what was so funny is you know we had like language.
Lessons from it. We wrote about it, you know, and they would do one or 2 sentences about it, and a lot of the kids mentioned.
Anna and the sissy sissies at the fish, and Anna cried: That was like the a lot of them do this sentences, and it was really fun.
And then a lot of them would draw a picture of on A.
You know they do their senses. Then they draw a picture of Anna.
And what did she write? I cried. I Don't remember what you were? but it was something similar like that.
It was something like the aid the goldfish instead and I wouldn't, you know.
I would have it from the morning, because I would pick it up in the morning, or I pick it up, and that's what I did pick it up the night before, like.
If it were feeding it I would pick it up Monday.
I would take it home, and that was the worst part I would take it home, and I would like put it, and I would leave it in this plastic bag. put it in a bunch of water in the sink, and I wouldn't go near
the sink, because I didn't want to look at this thing I didn't want to get friendly with this fish, you know, and then I would take it in.
I would put it in this bag and I would put it in a paper bag, so I wouldn't look at it, and I would put it like over by the sink in the classroom all day you know until it was feeding time and I
wouldn't look at it. I wouldn't let the kids look at it only when it was put into the ball, because I just it was I was the worst I was going.
Oh, you know, you know, 5 min ago she said she really would love to see the turtles eat a goldfish.
Now she said, this is the idea of his interesting it's neat yeah.
But to actually see it is not as I remember once when I was a kid.
It's really stuck in my mind I used to go to an elementary school that had a pet shop right around the corner from it.
I used to go into the pet stores and look at all the animals, anyway, right around the current.
Where do you know where the bank is? the security bank and There's all those little shops who are like tamaros?
That sandwich stop and stuff. Huh! No one. It was on Vermont, on Vermont, like maybe 6 shops up from from Hollywood, or process.
Rather there was a little petstop called pandora's pets when I was in elementary school.
Anyway, I remember they had this fish in there called an Oscar.
And there are these like these these these big gnarly suckers.
They're like I don't know 6 or 8 inches and they've got they only like other fish they like small fish.
They need like goldfish, I guess goldfish or guppies get the brunt of everything.
Poor guys. they're like the you know they're like the cattle of the animal world. and bread i'm gonna feed other things anyway.
So I remember watching them feed the oscar once. when I was a kid. They dropped in the goldfish. I don't think i'd ever seen it before.
Maybe I did. I don't remember but this time particularly sticks in my mind.
It drops the goldfish into a tank, and a goldfish goes, swims around.
Mining is a little business eating glop, and all that shit, you know, at fish.
Do. the Oscar sneaks up behind it and opens its mouth, and like creates a vacuum kind of thing.
You get these huge males that sucks the goldfish? Yeah.
And then and then the the whole fish got stuck halfway into his mouth.
I went the wrong way. No, it was Gors. it was going.
What tail first. I guess That's the wrong way anyway?
So you got this Oscar they're swimming around in the tank with like a goldfish sticking out of his mouth.
You know the the head of a golfer you can see the little goldfish's eyes, and his little mouth going, and the Oscars are swimming around, and you can tell a little goldfish. I mean They don't have what
you would call massively expressive faces, but I think it was worried.
It's got these like wide open eyes you. know I was just imagining what was going through with little Marges. The Oscar was swimming around frantically, trying to dislodge it so I could swallow it
you finally I did manage to you know like listen it I don't know if remember, if it's got it out, or or what.
But it managed to like you you know dislodge it one way and then swallow it.
You know what's really interesting. the snake one time it got it the wrong way.
It. I thought it wasn't an eat it and I was really worried, you know they disengaged their jaws in order.
They opened their jobs twice. This just came up how's it go They open their jaws twice twice.